You've learned about the types of errors that are possible on hypothesis testing.
And you've learned about how we can create
a threshold for how often we allow these to happen.
But consider if we run 20 of the exact same types of hypothesis tests.
Even if the null is actually true,
if we have a five percent type one error rate,
we can expect one of these to have results where we choose the alternative.
Often, researchers all over the world are performing very similar studies.
So when one researcher comes up with significant results,
how can we be sure that they are one of these type one errors?
Well, the hard part is we can't really know in many cases.
And that's a problem. But there are a few methods that
statisticians have come up with to assist with this problem.
One of the most conservative and common approaches is known as the Bonferroni Correction.
This simple correction says that if you're performing m-tests,
you should divide your type one error rate by
m to assure that you actually maintain the error rate here.
So if you really want to have
a five percent type one error rate and you're performing 10 hypothesis test,
your new threshold is actually 0.5 percent for choosing the alternative hypothesis.
This is just one popular correction method.
But other methods include the Tukey correction.
And in the biomedical field,
they commonly use a method called Q-Values.
More on these methods is provided in the instructor notes below.